[Workers] preview-urls (#17113)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/configuration/previews.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: configuration
title: Preview URLs
head: []
sidebar:
  badge:
    text: Beta
description: Preview URLs allow you to preview new versions of your project without deploying it to production.
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

> Preview URLs allow you to preview new versions of your Worker without deploying it to production. A unique preview URL is created for each [version](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/#versions) of your Worker. By default, preview URLs are enabled and available publicly.

Reviewer: ...the preview URL is created when you take what action?

> Preview URLs allow you to preview new versions of your Worker without deploying it to production. A unique preview URL is created for each [version](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/#versions) of your Worker. By default, preview deployments are enabled and available publicly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Preview URLs allow you to preview new versions of your Worker without deploying it to production. A unique preview URL is created for each [version](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/#versions) of your Worker. By default, preview deployments are enabled and available publicly.
```
```suggestion
Preview URLs allow you to preview new versions of your Worker without deploying it to production. A unique preview URL is created for each [version](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/#versions) of your Worker. By default, preview URLs are enabled and available publicly.
```

Preview URLs can be:

- Integrated into CI/CD pipelines, allowing automatic generation of preview environments for every pull request.
- Used for collaboration between teams to test code changes in a live environment and verify updates.
- Used to test new API endpoints, validate data formats, and ensure backward compatibility with existing services.

> When testing zone level performance or security featues for a version, it's recommended to use [version overrides](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/gradual-deployments/#version-overrides) so that your zone's performance and security settings apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When testing zone level performance or security featues for a version, we recommend using [version overrides](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/gradual-deployments/#version-overrides) so that your zone's performance and security settings apply.
```

bah this is right but also 😭  — having to write this is motivation to fix this one!

:::note

> Preview URLs are only available for Worker versions uploaded past 2024-09-25.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preview URLs are only available for Worker versions uploaded after 2024-09-25.
```

> Preview URLs are only available for Worker versions uploaded past 09/25/2024.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Preview URLs are only available for Worker versions uploaded past 2024-09-25.
```

:::

## View preview URLs using wrangler

The [`wrangler versions upload`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#upload) command uploads a new [version](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/#versions) of your Worker and returns a preview URL for each version uploaded.

## View preview URLs on the Workers dashboard

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers) and select your project.

> 2. Head to the "Depoyments" tab find the version you would like to view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Head to the "Deployments" tab find the version you would like to view.
```

## Disabling Preview URLs

> Preview URLs run on your [`workers.dev` subdomain](/workers/configuration/routing/workers-dev/). If your `workers.dev` subdomain is enabled for a Worker, it will automatically generate preview URLs for the Worker.

Reviewer 3: > If your `workers.dev` subdomain is enabled for a Worker,

Misleading. Previews are created even if subdomain is disabled, such that if you later enable subdomain all past previews become accessible.

To disable preview URLs, you must disable your Workers `workers.dev` subdomain. Learn how to [disable your Workers `workers.dev` subdomain](/workers/configuration/routing/workers-dev/#disabling-workersdev).

## Limitations

> - Preview URLs are not generated for Workers with a Durable Objects binding.

Reviewer 3: The binding is not the limitation. Previews are not generated for *workers that implement a Durable Object*. Binding to a DO in another script is fine.

> - You cannot currently secure `workers.dev` URLs behind [Cloudflare Access](/cloudflare-one/policies/access/). This is a temporary limitation, we are working to remove it.

Reviewer 3: True, but it feels a bit weird to call this out only for preview-urls and not on the routing->workers.dev page (which is where the source of the limitation is).

Reviewer: I think reason is ppl often want access only in front of preview urls.

another "seeing this in docs is motivation to fix!" one

Author: Keeping in both places
